where do I put my money where will it be
safe these are some of the questions I
receive all of the time governments have
confiscated the wealth of the citizens
for too long now we can manage to evade
this by employing a system I have
designed called the money GPS strategy a
system of
self-sufficiency part of this is
spreading wealth across all of the asset
classes to achieve true diversity so if
you have questions you came here for the
answers so let me unveil that for you
today let's talk about how do I prepare
for the collapse I'm going to give the
easy explanations of the four asset
classes I'm not going to get into all of
this depth and Detail in each
one if at later time we feel is
necessary we can get into that let me
know but for today let's just cover the
basics the first thing before you can
invest in these four different asset
classes is something that is quite
unpopular to say but because I believe
so intensely in this I want to share it
with you so I discussed this in my book
both books in fact get out of debt a lot
of people don't like to hear that but
I'm just going to cover it here and let
you know how it is for the money GPS
strategy and essentially what we're
dealing with with getting out of debt is
before you can go ahead and invest the
savings that you have you want to be
able to get out of debt you don't want
to carry debt
around and then try buying real estate
precious metals and everything else get
the debt off your back I have a whole
video on this it's actually the video on
the YouTube channel page if you go to my
main Channel page the money GPS you'll
see this video right there it has well
over 400,000 views on it and
the the premise basically is right in
the title why you must pay off your debt
before the collapse and then it says a
new currency system
coming what people don't realize is that
the future is uncertain we don't know
what anything will look like after
everything collapses and crashes we
don't
know that is the only thing we do know
that it's going to be a mess but we know
that if we diversify true diversity that
we can have a hold on what will happen
if we spread everything out equally
among all the asset classes while if one
does bad the other may be much stronger
so you can maintain more wealth into the
new system I would say that real assets
are your best bet because they seem to
carry their value throughout the
previous monetary systems the one we are
currently on is overdue for a crash
we've seen that you've probably seen
Mike Maloney's videos and read his
book and it's a just something that i'
like to share it's I think it's very
important because a lot of people take
on more debt thinking that it will be
wiped out in a
hyperinflation but what if we suffer a
deflation and what if that deflation
hurts you really bad will you be able to
get out of it now a lot of people aren't
really sure about that they believe that
the the way that it will go is a
hyperinflation and I do believe that is
the end result but I do believe we will
face a major deflation first and then
the reaction by central banks is a
hyperinflation but in between those two
periods of time we don't know how long
it will be and we don't know what will
happen that's why your best bet your
safest bet is to get out of debt now let
me move move on here this is a diagram
from my book very simple it's the four
asset classes what you have is business
commodi SL precious metals paper
Investments and real estate all four
have their own place and time they have
their own uh pros and cons positives and
negatives but I do believe all are
valuable the only one right now that I
don't advise anybody to be purchasing is
paper asset I just believe at this time
it's too dangerous if you know the ins
and outs and maybe you're an Insider
like Warren Buffett you can do that but
later down the road they may become a
more viable asset at this time it just
seems very risky and it's too risky in
fact let's look at this right away real
estate okay so real estate is
potentially the best asset to have have
it has its shortcomings there's no doubt
but the reason is you have four
different ways to make money with real
estate I discussed them in detail in uh
both my
books but with those four ways to make
money you're able
to have different streams of income even
within one asset class you get it so a
lot of people think of the house going
up in value okay that's appreciation
great but what about all the different
ways that real estate could make you
money you're not thinking about that you
need multiple streams or people think
for example okay I have a house that's
going up in value and I have a stock I
bought Apple stock and it's going up in
value those are two different ways I
make money let's just keep it in their
their thought process well you know
there are a lot more ways to be making
money off that we'll get into those more
in moment I'll give you a big tip here
you're in Manhattan you're in Vancouver
Toronto San Francisco you're in one of
these big cities around the world and
it's going to cost you a million plus to
buy a home so that right there for most
people puts real estate off the table
right wrong I'll tell you something that
a lot of people I would wouldn't be
surprised if 90 plus per people don't
realize that this is an opportunity that
they are really missing out on here it
is you can get in most cities around the
world I'm sure this is an option storage
lockers nobody's thinking of this but
there are so many ideas that I have that
um I'm sure you do too just think small
don't think big all the time you need to
think small sometimes too so this is a
storage locker you can get them in
Condominiums you can get even the um
self storage locations that are all
around the cities and you basically
purchase a locker it might cost you a
few th000 let's say $3,000 to
$55,000 and you could then rent it out
at depending on your city depending on
you know a bunch of various things here
it would cost you
between uh the rental income would be
about $50 to $100 let's say and that
right there in short order you can make
your money back and then be able to
profit from that every single month
your return on investment would be very
quick and very seamless also at the same
time you don't have to worry about all
of the downsides to real estate
investment where you have to worry about
individuals breaking this or that
nothing really is going to happen most
likely to your storage locker it just
sits there people dump some stuff in it
and they pick it up later down the road
you just have to worry about vacancy
that's the only issue usually so this is
something I'm giving you a tip here it's
actually from my new book so that's part
of the money GPS strategy so there's a
free tip for you and think about that
for a second where with a few thousand
investment you could be getting into the
real estate market so don't think you
need to have a million dollars okay
think smaller so that's one option there
are literally thousands of other things
you can think of on that let's move on
here precious metals and commodities I
want to also include Commodities here
because when you think about it with
food prices around the world rising and
you have more Agri business and less
agriculture people are moving out of the
rural areas and they're moving into the
cities that puts extra pressure on the
farmers there are less Farmers today is
an aging population so they have you
know all these different machinery and
Robotics and things to try to make up
for that ultimately though we see food
prices rising food prices are rising
that means Commodities are rising as
well you can take advantage of that in
different ways one of the more simple
ways of course would be to own a stock
that is part of that however then you're
getting more into the paper asset side
you could purchase a part of a farm if
you're interested in that you can do
various different things with commodity
side but let's look at the precious
metals here when you look at gold and
silver I don't want you to think of just
bars or just coins of gold and silver
think about the diversity within the
asset class itself think about just for
example you got silver coins okay do you
have just one do you have just make
beliefs no you have different let's say
hundreds of different types of coins
that you can get from all the different
banks around the world all different
countries and then that's just one
that's a coin then you can get Boolean I
suggest as small as possible then you
have what they call junk or common coins
coins that were minted that actually had
silver content in them and these are all
of those different things you should
have as much diversity as possible you
should never be buying the same type of
thing over and over again because there
will be different premiums when you want
to sell it or uh perhaps they
decide let's say to do a confiscation
for example or a nationalization maybe
they're only going to confiscate certain
types so by having that diversity it
also increases your Safety and Security
all part of the money GPS strategy I
hope you do appreciate that so this
right here is your precious metals and
commodities very important to diversify
in this I can't stress that enough and I
would also say that you want to have
small denominations it's the smaller the
better that's also good when you're
selling because of course when you're
selling you may not want to get rid of
it all at once you can get rid of it in
little pieces it's also good for doing
trade and barter and everything
else business business is very important
and any individual can just set up their
business today using the skills that you
have this is very interesting actually
it's little mismatched very funny but
basically what this is I read it in a
book book from Seth Goden and it's
talking about the purple cow that's the
name of the book Purple Cow and one of
the companies they talk about is little
mismatched and essentially never seen
this before in my life they sell their
socks in pairs of three not two not four
but pairs of three and all the socks
every single one is
mismatched this idea that they had
caused this business to do screamingly
well extremely well what's their product
it's socks and there is you know funky
colors and and designs and everything
else okay nobody I've never heard of
anyone selling their socks in pairs of
three seems a little bit ridiculous but
it seems to have done very well for
themselves so a unique idea has simply
allowed this company to make a lot of
money so your ideas that are sitting
there doing nothing inside your head
aren't going to do anyone any good get
out there and do so do you have a skill
are you a handyman then you need to have
those skills um available so what you do
is you post them in the classified you
know use a classified ad websites like K
like Craigslist post them on there say
handy man good skills and and everything
just list a few things and let it go say
how it is you might get a call or two in
a very short period of time you don't
know but you'll never know if you don't
give it that opportunity you don't try
there are many different businesses that
you can start you can have your own
website you can just do it uh right off
the Kajiji and Craigslist a lot of
people are able to use their skills from
there as a secondary job you know if
you're a computer guy you can put put
your skills on there as well so remember
that there are countless opportunities
in business and it allows us to have to
get away from that whole 9
to5 whole system that basically traps
you for eternity so let's try to get out
of that and use our UniQue Ideas use our
skills that we currently have to grow
out of
this and then last but not least we're
looking at the stock markets we're
looking at paper assets okay so these
are important to a lesser degree I do
believe that the best type of paper
assets are those that provide you a
regular income passive income so you put
your money in a particular stock let's
just say you put it in Apple stock okay
and that continues to rise over the
years let's just say it does and you
would make money on appreciation but
there are stocks that have dividends as
well so they would pay you out on a
regular basis maybe it's monthly maybe
it's quarterly annually they have uh
different sets so you can actually
provide yourself with income
regularly by purchasing stocks don't
always always think of it as the
appreciation so that's important to note
they also have corporate uh corporate
bonds that you can buy that uh may be
attractive to some people I believe that
corporations some of them will Outlast
many governments so that's important to
note that governments are the next one
to go bankrupt and it seems like the
corporations who control those
governments are going to outlast a lot
of these so that's important
I would say at this time it just seems a
little bit too risky for the stock
market but it's important to know
because 10 years down the road 5 years
down 20 down the road things may change
so in that time frame depending on your
skill level depending on your risk
tolerance stocks may be a good thing for
you bonds maybe you want to get into
mutual funds I don't know whatever it's
up to you but I would say from my
personal analysis though
that give you regular passive income are
your best bet because at least when the
stock market crashes there is a better
potential that they will hopefully
continue to pay out on their dividends
which means you continue to earn money
as well as take advantage of a
hyperinflation because look at Venezuela
their stock market is booming right now
but it's because of a
deflation or a hyperinflation cost
caused by the devaluation of their
currency so if that would happen to you
in your country rest assured that you
own the equities that are going up as
well at the same time that the uh stocks
are providing you with a regular income
there so you always have something going
on and that's that so these are the four
asset classes and I talked a lot about
diversity in within each of the asset
classes I believe it is very crucial to
not just own one asset class own them
all there are so many more things that
you could own here I just discussed the
four basics that I do so uh in my book
so I wanted to keep it all part of the
theme Here I believe it's very important
to really be able to understand each
asset class and how to uh decide what is
best for you in terms of percentages and
everything else that changes over time
right now you may want more Safety and
Security you may feel that uh precious
metals are at a cheap value so you would
go overweight in those and then if they
become overvalued perhaps you sell a
little bit more or you buy into the
other ones those are all opportunities
uh for a uh different things as as time
goes on that's all for this video if you
found it informative please give me a
thumbs up and don't forget to check out
my website where I have free ebooks I
have a whole free ecourse which this
video was a part part of and there's so
much more on the website it's the money
gps.com